README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
audio-steganography
</h1>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/maxmmueller/audio-steganography/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-blue"/></a>
</p>


<h2 align="center">!! Work in process - New version is currently undocumented !!</h2>

==> To get a stable version download [v0.1 of the library](https://github.com/maxmmueller/audio-steganography/releases/tag/v0.1).

<p align="center">A Python library for steganographic encryption of text within the spectrogram of an audio file.</p>


<p align="center">
<img src="images/screenshot.jpg">
</p>

This project was originally created for the German competition ["Explore Science Mannheim 2022"](https://www.explore-science.info/downloads/esma2022datensicherheit.pdf) in the category "data security" and has now been turned into an open source library.

---
## Installation
To use this library, download the latest [release](https://github.com/maxmmueller/audio-steganography/releases/latest) (source code zip) and unzip it.

Then install the necessary python libraries `pydub` and `scipy`.

---
## Usage 

## `audio_steganography(text, audio_path, destination_path)`

- Parameters:
  - `text (str)`: the text to be encrypted
  - `audio_path (str)`: a path to a .wav audio file
  - `param destination_path (str)`: path where the modified .wav will be saved


- Returns: None
### Example:

```python
audio_steganography(text="SECRET", audio_path="song.wav", destination_path="encrypted.wav")
```

---
## Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome!

If you encounter any problems, find a bug or have feature requests, please open an [issue](https://github.com/maxmmueller/audio-steganography/issues/new).

---
## Licence
Maximilian Müller [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Adjustments for the new version

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
WaveWhisper
</h1>

<p align="center">
<a href="LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-blue"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 18px;">WaveWhisper is a lightweight Python library for steganographic encryption of text within the spectrogram of an audio file.</p>


<p align="center">
<img src="images/screenshot.jpg">
</p>


## Note
This project was originally created for the German competition [*Explore Science Mannheim 2022*](https://www.explore-science.info/downloads/esma2022datensicherheit.pdf) in the category *data security* where it was ranked 2nd. I then made some small changes to turn it into an open source library.


## Installation
To use this library, download the latest [release](https://github.com/maxmmueller/audio-steganography/releases/latest) (source code zip).

In my attempt to make this library as lightweight as possible, it can currently operate without any external dependencies.

## Code example:

```python
from message import Message

message = Message("My secret text")
message.encrypt("song.wav", "encrypted.wav") # carrier path and output path
```

!! FUll DOCS COMING SOON !!


## Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome!

If you encounter any problems, find a bug or have feature requests, please open an [issue](https://github.com/maxmmueller/audio-steganography/issues/new).


## Support
If you find this project helpful, consider supporting its development by buying me a coffee!

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/maxmmueller" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/yellow_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee">
</a>
